For me, STEM has been a really good profession to have. When I was younger,
I was very humanities oriented. You could have talked to the seventeen
year old me and said, "You will be working on programming or
you will be lifting a wrench and doing some electrician things, checking
voltage" and I would've said, "You're crazy, that's not me."
But there was something in me, maybe because of my past, you know, I
used to play chess or because I was good at math, that I thought it
was interesting. I wasn't scared of it. So, I think that the people
that are like that, the people that look at math problems and who aren't
scared of math, I could just say and who aren't scared of science.
The ones who maybe are challenged but want to learn more so that
they can solve the problems. If you are that type of person, then
STEM is a really good field to go into. If not, then, I got to say,
I've met many people in STEM who, you could tell, aren't like that,
are just, kind of go with the flow and don't really see the interest
in math and interest in science. They're doing it just because it was
offered to them and those are the ones who have the biggest problems,
those are the ones who kind of, like, fade into another job or
maybe even get kicked out because they're not good at the job. So, there
has to be some kind of passion for, kind of, numbers, scientific
thinking, methodologies, logic. If you're like that, then STEM is
a good choice for you.